I'm about to spend $112,000 in the next
5 minutes buying the most indestructible
Tech in the world and then we're going
to compare it to normal Tech to find out
just how much it can withstand so I
guess we might as well start with the
laptop oh my God this thing looks like a
beast oh it's not cheap I guess if you
want a rugged laptop you can either buy
a rugged laptop or you can buy a very
rugged case for your laptop and that's
$80 we can get both and compare them
okay Ultra durable Smartwatch so you
obviously have the Apple watch Ultra 2
oh we should get one of the ultra 2os
and then we should compare that directly
with the durability of the Bas level
Apple watch in theory durability should
be the main reason for paying twice as
much money and then you've got the Guard
Pro Ultra 2 plus does say though that
it's sturdier than all competitors you
know how much of a sucker I am for the
internal desire to prove claims wrong ah
and we also have to accompany that with
the most durable phone you got black
view oh those bezels are horrendous it
seems like on most lists though it's
Nokia that tops it we could get this the
the new Nokia but then we could also get
the old Nokia you know like the 3310 the
original brick compare those two to see
how much durability has evolved over the
years that's that's a fun idea oh yeah
in all of these videos I love to get a
keyboard in that theme so what can we
get for the most durable what maltron
single hand keyboard it looks like it'll
take about five hands to use wo that
looks like like a tank so this is
the all right I found what I think is
the best one but $600 I am very curious
how much stronger that can be versus
just the $10 keyboard you get from
Amazon ah how are we going to charge all
of our most durable gadgets with the
most durable cable of course we need to
find something that's like proper
industrial grade oh Cy this one's made
with Kevlar does like the same material
that's used for bulletproof vests oh
this one looks like it could take some
damage oh it actually says the these
cables are also made from indestructible
materials well then you sir have earned
yourself a space on this video you may
live to regret that comment the same
website also has a power brick SL light
baked into one indestructible package Ah
that's something I didn't think about
like an incredibly durable incredibly
waterproof camera we can present the
testing section underwater please help
me you're too much ring apparently
someone's come up with an indestructible
TV wait what are you doing this is hard
to what would you look at that Ultra
tough SD cards that would actually solve
a real problem that we have constantly
snapping
them okay I just want to find the most
random indestructible Tech ah yes the
indestructible dog chew toy for
aggressive chewers says here
indestructible puffer 15 times stronger
than steel build to keep you warm down
to
-30° cus 30 okay sure why not there's
even an indestructible fan I'd guess
it's designed for construction sites oh
they got a Tik Tok video wao okay it
feels like some sort of like rights
violation is from the company Big Ass
Fans ah so we've spent all this time
looking for indestructible gadgets right
well this the Pelican air is basically
saying whatever you put inside of it it
in itself is such a durable carry case
that that thing inside becomes
indestructible someone's actually made
an indestructible coffee maker play
coffee is an
[Music]
essential DeWall makes a speaker you
know that if they've made a speaker
they've done their due
[Music]
diligence okay um there's actually no
one here to take the laptop away for me
so I'm going to have to self discipline
myself but yeah let's uh skip to when
the products
arrive everything is finally here I've
got my tools of Destruction and 17
unlucky products that are about to face
them so let's go roughly for least
expensive to most expensive first up
being our rugged cable which the website
labels as the strongest and fastest
charging cable on the planet an
absolutely outrageous claim that we have
to confirm ourselves well it certainly
feels like a cable that could take some
damage so let's just go to the extreme
end with it this is a 1,000 kg car can
you tow it with one of them now
obviously no one is ever going to
actually need to do this but if the
cable can take this it says a lot about
its ability to take General wear and
tear 3 2
one that did not work that did not work
at all I think we lost a piece of the
car oh yeah and the cable is absolutely
wrecked yes this was a tough test but if
you call yourself unbreakable you are
kind of asking for it 4 out of 10 and
from the same company at $87 the camping
light and this is going to help us
answer a question that I've always
wondered about it's a really common
thing in the tech world to see something
that's shock proof or impact resistant
but unlike what a
that was
close but unlike water or dust
resistance which are pretty clear what
does shockproof mean like is that a
shock ow is this a
shock oh okay still works but don't
worry we have actually gone and hired a
full-on not so secure feeling Boom Lift
so that we can find out exactly how drop
resistant this stuff actually is so let
start with a 5 m drop so a lot higher
than it seems 3 2
1 that felt like it did nothing 5 m onto
a concrete surface is a very significant
drop but look light is on it's barely
even
marked I can't even get myself to stand
up straight 3 2
1 oh there we go that was it okay so the
frame is cracked the top is separated
does it still
function no circuit board's gone as well
game over for the rugged a very
respectable showing though 9 out of 10
and while we're here we might as well
also see how our DeWalt speak aairs okay
so how does it sound ooh not bad at all
it's only coming from One Direction but
providing you're at that direction
you're having a good time with this it's
very full sound and really detailed too
a 10 m drop onto pure concrete would be
enough to end almost All Electronics
come on DWT I believe in you let's see
if the Music
[Music]
[Applause]
Stops I guess that's why they have
detachable batteries okay so technically
the music did stop but we need to work
out if that's because the battery
separated or because it's actually dead
the physical damage on the speaker
really doesn't look too bad and it does
indeed power on well done very very cool
that's a strong 9 out of 10 product 10
out of 10 if it had surround sound but
if you think that was durable then I
don't think I've ever even seen claims
like the ones that this next product
makes a notebook but fit to withstand an
alien invasion by the looks of it so
this right here is a reinforced carbon
fiber cover which to be fair you might
have seen before but the most shocking
bit is the pages these are not paper or
cardboard or any variant of it this is
pressed Limestone so let me do a little
Doodle on this first page and then let's
say I decide actually I hate
that what Okay so it's not completely
tear proof If you're trying but it's
definitely safe to say it's tear
resistant you have to put a lot of
effort into do that oh and a sub to the
channel would be well not terrible okay
so tear resistance check but what about
all weather conditions wait so if I just
like Pat it dry no way the drawing is
completely unchanged the paper looks
completely intact even while both the
pen and the paper are absolutely
drenched I can still carry on drawing
I mean just for a point of reference
this is what happens with a normal
notebook when you wet it poor Smiley it
claims to be oilproof which I mean yeah
my fingers are not showing up at all but
to be fair what if we just did this what
if you're just cooking your Italian food
and you accidentally spill it okay so
this right now looks like a crime scene
but wipe and the page is completely
usable oh God table's starting to feel
like an Italian
Kitchen actually
[Music]
I apologize for what is about to happen
little salt little pepper this might be
the first time anyone has ever tried to
cook their notebook wo not
fireproof so the binder and the outer
cover completely fireproof Pages not so
much should probably stop breathing that
in I'm a little disappointed cuz it did
specifically say that it was fire
resistant that put up no resistance to
fire but hey at least it did survive the
most important categories no one's
actually going to blow torch their
notebook 6 out of 10 but as we go higher
on the price list things are about to
get even more advanced so these are the
earphones that allow you to listen to
music underwater if this works the way I
think it works it's going to allow me to
experience something I've never
experienced before and actually to show
it we're also going to need to whip out
another one of our products the Olympus
Tough tg7 the and I promise I'm not
making this up the actual Never Going To
Give You Up camera oh and then we
compare that with the Sony tough SD card
oh the synergies here giving me tingles
and this might actually tangibly improve
all of our lives here cuz we have gotten
through our fair share of SD cards it
really doesn't take much so this is a
single piece resin molded design that's
trying to essentially remove every
single one of the vulnerabilities or a
normal SD card like the seam in between
each half the connector ribs the right
protect switch and as a result it's
apparently 18 times stronger than a
normal SD card so both of these are
loaded with top secret files this is a
bowl of water
blueberries ginger ale don't ask me what
cocktail I'm making here do it as well
and then I'm just going to leave that
for 10 minutes a few minutes later right
let's see if well either of these still
work start with the ultra tough SD
card oh straight away it shows up let's
just make sure it loads properly I love
how the SD card is just called tough oh
yes there's a good reason why these
files are confidential okay so that
works although it might not after that
ejection let's try the normal SD
card oh it's not loaded
anything just a bit of Ginger oil no
that is actually dead so that already
justifies the existence of this tough SD
card but I have a sneakier idea an idea
that can work out the true break
resistance of this new SD card the door
slam like I've had a nightmare about
this exact situation 3 2
1 oh
okay so the tape is completely uprooted
there's clearly like a hairline fracture
on the SD card itself so if we put it
inside of our
camera card error I think we might have
killed it so these SD cards are
absolutely tough but they're not
invincible so we'll just stick one of
our normal peasant SD cards into this
camera go for a swim oh wow it's very
cool that this camera double locks
itself for maximum waterproofing now
just before I make the jump earphones
because as well as the normal issue of
waterproofing the design and making sure
the sound stays intact and also just
stopping the earphones floating away
there's a bigger problem that has
prevented most Bluetooth earphones from
working underwater range while Bluetooth
in the air might have a range of like 30
ft because it's a very low power
connection it does not fight through
water molecules very well so that 30t
range in a swimming pool could well
become like 4 in so to address that
these zygo earphones have a radio
receiver and an app that basically
allows your phone to broadcast via much
more powerful radio waves okay let's hit
record on this camera there you go now I
can definitely buy that this is
completely waterproof by the way they've
got this custom proprietary charging pin
connector when I put it on yep that's
not going to float away so it solves
that problem and then as far as the
sound being transmitted in the water
it's bone conduction which is why it's
got such a clamping force on the sides
of my head but now it's time to test the
big question is it going to actually
carry on playing even as I jump into the
water so the radio waves really work
[Music]
it works it
works the sound quality is not the best
it just sounds like everything is quite
far from your ears but can't do out with
airpods 8 out of
10 okay so waterproofing we've
established this has but it also claims
to be freeze prooof so this is some very
real dry ice that is genuinely as cold
as - 80° C which is absolutely Bonkers
look how quickly it turns to gas just as
it meets the air which is already pretty
cold as it is you eat one of these
you're in for a very bad evening so I've
hit record just in case this survives I
have some doubts and now and you go my
temperature sens are saying it's off the
scale this doesn't even go past -3° C I
can see the temperature of the camera
itself falling if you're still alive
down there I am very impressed Well
Done Right that is 10 minutes the camera
has reached below -20° C which is well
out of operating range now the question
is is it still recording the camera feed
is still going look at the
screen that is absolutely Wild and the
wrist
strap everything from the screen to the
lens is completely frozen over the
camera still lives at heart which means
I mean a 10 out of 10 products but also
B there's a very specific way we can
test this further but it will need a
product from later in this video weird
kind of day today but now feels like a
pretty good time for a coffee break so
this is our Makita coffee maker designed
for a delicious Brew even in the
absolute harshest conditions and is it
just me or does this look an awful lot
like a video game prop so we're talking
things like a cup that almost locks
itself in place inside of the machine
allowing coffee to come in whilst also
insulating it and keeping all dirt out
as well as boil dry protection which
just prevents the machine from burning
out if the water empties and the
temperature inside starts to go up there
is a sensor that will turn off the power
supply automatically but does it taste
good will it keep out all the dust from
a construction site what happens if you
knock it over I really like the tactil
of this design and then your coffee goes
in here and the other cool part of this
is that this is a battery and now let's
say I'm on my construction site I'm
carrying my wood and oh my goodness
me does it carry on making coffee no it
does not so clearly this coffee machine
is extremely durable and it's got all
sorts of mechanisms that are going to
save it from situations like that but I
think it'd be so cool if this mug
created a complete allaround seal with
this machine so that even if you knock
it like that it can carry on dripping
coffee into it I'd say Makita gets a
four there is some pretty serious damage
on the side here but the product does
still work and there is some spare
coffee in this mug
so thankfully I don't have to drink it
cuz now we have our boiling cup of
coffee I feel like it's a pretty good
time for a type of product whose worst
nightmare is normally Cofe keyboards so
this is the Vandal resistant keyboard
which to be honest I think is slightly
underselling it oh my goodness M it's
made of stainless steel for starters I
mean how many times do you see someone
buy an actually steel keyboard it's
environmentally sealed against basically
any incoming particle but can it take a
boiling hot cup of coffee I know my
keyboard couldn't so I'm playing some
Red Dead Redemption right now some
incredibly wide looking Red Dead
Redemption for my incredibly wide
keyboard the buttons require so much
force to press this is like the worst
possible keyboard for gaming but I will
say the track ball this thing Glides you
do definitely feel the side effect of a
keyboard not designed for gaming like
the latency is absolutely atrocious oh
no I'm having to fight every Instinct in
my body to film this video there's a
clear reason why coffee is like the
single biggest killer of electronics
it's boiling hot it's wet and then if
neither of those two kills it when it
dries it is sticky so it's pretty clear
that we we've already survived the first
two of those prongs but let's come back
in a little bit to see if it survives
the third stepping it up to $800 now
it's time for the Apple watch Ultra 2
I'm interested to see how well or how
poorly an Apple product something that
you'd consider quite mainstream is going
to fit into this extreme caliber of
indestructible Tech does it Shine or
does it just get embarrassed well if you
read the spec sheet Apple went hard with
the ultra watches rugged Aerospace grade
titanium case sapphire crystal display
literally 100 m water resistance which
is more than well basically any human
could do without proper proper training
and not even just that military level
impact resistance altitude protection
high temperature low temperature dust
dirt temperature shock immersion
freezing and thawing extreme vibration
whatever that's for but okay we get it
your watch is probably going to outlive
you but the question that I think is
more interesting is how much more
durable is it actually versus a standard
Apple watch and I guess even more
interestingly something like the $90
Guard Pro Ultra let's find out now
obviously the packaging is far simpler
and less exciting but that's okay I'd
much rather for $90 that they actually
spent that money making the watch good
and at least according to their website
this thing would stands - 40° F cold and
131° heat which is funly enough 1° more
than Apple and I do not think that is an
accident my prediction and I guess also
what you'd like to think given how much
more expensive this is than this is that
these guard guys haven't done anything
on a hardware level that should allow
this to withstand more but that they've
just been looser with their claims cuz
of course they're also less likely to
get investigated for them now very
quickly just as a watch it feels like
strong sturdy solid metal construction
it doesn't actually feel that dissimilar
in Hardware quality to the Apple watch
Ultra but here's the thing my recent
trip to India has made it very clear to
me that it's not expensive to make a
smartwatch that feels good we paid $15
for something equivalent and the
software here is not nice right this is
boiling hot water it's hotter than any
of these watches are rated for let's do
it
okay both Apple watches have turned off
funny enough the guard is still on you
can tell they did not like that every
single Watch is completely functional
all buttons work the screen works so to
some extent they're almost being
conservative with their temperature
estimates but to be fair if you end up
in literally boiling water you have
bigger problems than your watch so
probably a more realistic test for most
people will be scratches I've got a
scratch on my own personal series 9 and
it goes right across the middle of the
screen and I notice it every single time
I look at the thing oh so the guard is
quite significantly scratching even with
the level six hardness pick but on both
Apple watches nothing okay level Seven's
a little worse on the guard and still
basically nothing on the Apple Watch
series 9 and since there's nothing on
the series 9 I'm not surprised to see
there's nothing on the ultra either
which means it's level eight time this
is where damage
happens oh yeah it slices through the
guard ah pretty significant damage to
the series 9 too so what about the
ultra wow very very slight damage but
almost
nothing I know what you're thinking
though you want to see the upper limit
you want to see Carnage well this is a
13.5 kg iron ball and trust me when I
say you drop this on something it hurts
3 2
[Music]
1 maybe we shouldn't have shopped at
IKEA I mean the fact that the table is
more broken than the watch does tell you
something about the
watch okay so the screen is actually
miraculously no more marked than it was
after the scratching but clearly serious
damage has happened on the inside this
is dead I'm a little scared now what
this is going to do to the series 9 3 2
1 but the screen is still completely
functional fair play the capacitive
touchscreen still works the button still
works there's actually not a single sign
that anything UNT has happened to this
watch apart from those initial scratches
and then
finally sorry
I it does kind of look like an Apple ad
and uh yeah I guess as expected after
the Apple Watch series 9 performance
nothing absolutely nothing there's less
damage on this after that than there is
on my daily watch while we do know you
clearly pay a premium for Apple products
that is one hell of a design to
withstand that and so ratings
5 8
10 it's Nokia time and this I am super
excited to see how much has this company
in the roughly 25 years since the 3310
improved their durability if at all as
far as specs go this new xr21 has the
military standard 810h which is like the
eighth generation of what the military
considers all around stress proof drop
resistance rain resistance and an ip69k
rating this for this has uh two layers
of plastic that's it but something so
simple has allowed this phone to
basically reach legendary meme Overlord
status as famously
indestructible so the first test can
both phones get
wet
oh I near you lost one this is 40° C
Water by the way with a spot of chlorine
3 2
1 so the original Nokia
3310 oh no o it's powered down is that
the end of the line already I'm actually
very surprised considering what this
phone is known for but yeah the Nokia
3310 is totaled the new xr21 is
completely fine it literally has just
Shrugged it
off so clearly waterproofing has
improved a lot since this thing came out
but what about shatter proofing yes
we're back here again we hired the Boom
Lift we might as well use it for science
starting with the old Nokia 3 2
1 ooh
and now the new noia 3 2
wo that was quite
impressive okay so the fact that this
old Nokia is in three pieces is a little
bit of a red herring cuz that is
actually how it's designed to fall so
that it can absorb more impact but as
well as being deconstructed this is also
just straight up smashed like there's a
crack in the glass and the plastic is
also pretty scuffed up it's no Gorilla
Glass what is it like Monkey Glass
okay but this right here feels like a
bit of a moment of truth that was an
enormous drop its counterpart has been
shattered the new noia does it survive
Moment of
[Music]
Truth oh my God this thing is just
blissfully unaware of what I've done to
it I mean yeah you've got a scrape up
top here but this is a pretty clear sign
that Nokia has done some work here this
might just be the new meme phone and we
don't even know it yet as far as
durability is
concerned 10 out of 10
I don't know where I'm walking to be
honest now this so-called indestructible
jacket I have to say I think it looks
absolutely terrible I'm genuinely
confused right now did I just pay like
$600 for a jacket that comes without a
proper package looks like it's made of
complete plastic with all the insulation
power of a tank top but okay if we just
put my personal feelings aside for a
minute this is made of 100% dyema black
a fiber that's five times stronger than
Kevlar and 15 times stronger than steel
wait so it says the material we've used
is so tough it was originally used in
body armor anti-ballistic vehicle armor
and ropes used to tie down oil rigs in
violent
icc's and then there's me who's probably
going to use it for at most a walk in
the park it comes with shatterproof
buttons that it says are made with the
world's toughest nuts whatever that
means with claims like this and a price
tag like this the thing that's going
through my mind is what happens if you
stab it does this coat make you
invincible okay maybe I was a little bit
harsh having tried it on and having seen
it on this handsome fellow so maybe it's
not exactly the crime against fashion
that I initially pegged it as but it is
still quite underwhelming looking
considering the price we paid that said
this is not a clothing Channel I'm
interested in the technology behind this
jacket wait what it's dead already and
if someone came at you on the street
with a flamethrower in hand you'd be
well out of luck to be clear this is not
just burnt it is on
fire that's a problem we've got a hose
I've got a hose oh no come on come on
come on oh thank God thank goodness me
the ripped jeans look someone's probably
into this we were wondering when we
first took this out why all the police
don't wear something like this are they
just hoping that like no one actually
tests it and they just assume they're
wearing an indestructible jacket right
so we've already failed the fire test
but I am curious how well this material
stands up to other stresses Like a
Chainsaw
o
actually that did kind of tear it but
not close to as badly as a normal jacket
would have
[Music]
been I guess this kind of demonstrates
part of the problem with a jacket like
this that while the jacket itself may be
able to resist various different forms
of damage you can't and this provides
you no actual padding when it comes to
that so while it is extremely cool to
wear a material like that it's not
actually functional for a normal person
in an everyday scenario Mario it
provides you no warmth no Comfort at all
and no real protection at over $2,000
now this is the Traxxas xmax ultimate
whose name alone probably signifies how
unbelievably excessive it is we did
previously test this thing's younger
cousin in our fastest gadgets video if
you remember that one but this is
basically that on steroids oh my
goodness me I'm talking energy absorbing
impact cushions apparently over $11,000
in high strength aluminium placed
throughout the car in all key is really
$11,000 I have doubts but one thing you
can't doubt is how unbelievably solid
this thing feels it's got belted
Sledgehammer tires and so much
waterproofing that they actually
recommend that you just hose it off if
it gets muddy okay then 3 2
1 woohoo oh my God wait can I just carry
on steering W this thing may be
Invincible I am not you know I feel like
the best way to demonstrate just how
monstrous of a vehicle that is is to
show you side by side with a normal RC
car it looks like an ant I'm kind of
curious what would happen if these two
things
collided ah and I've have not forgotten
about this ridiculous Olympus camera if
this is truly the authentic Never Going
To Give You Up experience it should be
able to withstand a full frontal assault
from a 50 mph vehicle right if I miss
this we get no test and I just take down
the rig oh and side note I don't think
in my life I have ever seen acceleration
and breaking like that on a remote
control car 3 2
1 the screen still on
Olympus you sexy beast it's still
working and as for the car much much
more durable than it seems the endurance
claims are no lie 9 out of
10 but now it's time to find out how
much paying the premium matters for
laptops because entering the firing line
is the Dell Latitude 14 yeah their
rugged range definitely does not come
with as much packaging love as their
gaming laptops wait how Earth do you
open this is this some kind of LGE oh
right I'm just weak but that is a hinge
man if this thing is as durable as it is
hard to open then we are in for a treat
and it's not just durability it's got
dual hot swappable batteries in case you
run out of charge in the middle of
nowhere the screen is touchcreen so if I
tap here yeah that opens but also
because it's designed to work in
temperature in which your hands might
well literally fall off it works with
gloves too and these aren't even
touchscreen gloves side note the
brightness is insane which I guess is
especially important for a laptop that's
designed to be used out and about and
the touchpad it actually feels a little
bit less slick than you're probably used
to but that's because this is a
resistive touchpad as opposed to being a
capacitive one as for what the actual
difference is this is quite cool I can
show you exactly what it is via the AR
AI baked into the Opera desktop browser
so what's the difference between a
capacitive and a resistive touch panel
tell me in two sentences okay so it's
got an answer a capacitive touch panel
uses the electrical properties of the
human body to detect touch resulting in
a more responsive and accurate touch
experience in contrast a resistive
touchscreen relies on pressure applied
to the screen making it less precise and
often requiring a stylus or a fingernail
to operate yeah that's kind of perfect
so the reason the resistive pad feels
less slick is because it requires that
pressure unlike your phone for example
which has a capacitive screen that you
can just Glide your finger across but
the benefit of this over capacitive is
that water messes with conduction
whereas water isn't going to apply the
pressure required to activate this one
having an AI at your fingertips that
literally the Press of a button is one
of the most incredible features of the
Opera browser and I strongly recommend
you give it a go using my link in the
description and yes this laptop is
completely unharmed but here's the
bigger question how does its durability
compare to just a laptop case these
products are summoning out a destructive
side to my personality okay so obviously
you are going to lose out on a lot of
those extra like the battery swapability
and literally if I so much as put a drop
of water on this trackpad it will seize
to function properly but if all you want
is the impact protection then how well
does a case serve the exact same purpose
well this one to its credit has a lot
going for it it's got a one piece hinge
design with what they call an armor
shell as well as a soft impact resistant
core and credit Weare credits due they
have also thought about a lot of the
little things like the reinforced
Corners like the rubberized feet like
the extra grip around the areas you hold
the laptop so that you're less likely to
drop it in the first place so we'll
start by dropping the cased MacBook Air
and then we'll drop this beautiful Dell
Latitude laptop Ready set
go
oh that sound was beautiful and haunting
at the same time 3 2
1 that actually got the hinge to open
right starting with the MacBook clear
damage on the case itself that was the
least I expected though you can see
quite a bit of dirt has gotten inside
the case which is not a great
sign so dents all over the bottom of the
laptop does it still turn on
oh oh it's dead that's kind of a shame
considering that most of the body is
still intact I feel like that's been one
of the ongoing themes in this video even
if the outer Hardware is strong enough
to withstand a lot of these impacts the
technology at its core still has a lot
of vulnerabilities what about about this
though a laptop that does look a lot
more like it has a reason to be in a
construction site like
this okay hinge opens straight away look
at that screen is on do all the keys
work yeah they do holy moly can you even
tell what this thing has been through
literally the entire damage to this
laptop is a scratch that is 10 out of 10
outstanding
construction right returning to this
keyboard oh it looks
horrendous sa to say I have sticky keys
turned on but really this is still
functioning as if I hadn't spilled a mug
of boiling hot coffee on it and then let
it sit there okay so that's good but if
you're a real criminal trying to
actually steal something you probably
wouldn't use
coffee uh how is that not even denting
it what about a Hammer Hammer right to
the track ball
[Music]
ooh that does no longer work so it feels
like the materials of this construction
could take 10 times the beating that I'm
giving to it but it's just there must be
some sort of vulnerability underneath
this trackpad that I've gotten to
through it you know just because I'm so
curious okay yeah that does somewhat
damage it I guess the most important
part of a keyboard meant for high
security environments is that no one can
get inside and that it does achieve very
well but wow yeah I mean the thickness
of this keyboard is very much indicative
of its durability 8 out of 10 and
finally the Pelican Air carry case which
is apparently designed with a super
light proprietary hpx polymer that's 40%
lighter than normal plastic because of
course the lighter your box the less
momentum it's going to have when it
lands and because this is the last
product in what's otherwise been a very
intense video let's just do something
stupid and fun this is an egg I don't
think there's any way this actually
works but I just want to try so we play
inside this waterproof Crush prooof
dustproof case and seal it off 3 2
1 feel like the next city would have
heard that
[Music]
one the egg excitement is building
there's no way that we don't have
scrambled eggs inside here right it's
one clasp two clasp what do you think
[Music]
what oh my
God are you
serious we're having omelets tonight